gh-119105: difflib: improve recursion for degenerate cases (#119131)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-05-19-12-25-36.gh-issue-119105.VcR4ig.rst

> ``difflib.Differ`` is faster for some class of diffs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``difflib.Differ`` is much faster for some cases of diffs where many pairs of lines are equally similar.
```
